Update special-order-numbers.md (#208)
Azure/Communication: special-order-numbers.md

# Create a Special Order for Telephone Numbers

Customers who are interested in a special order (ex. acquiring large quantities of numbers) can do so by following the process below. 

> *PLEASE NOTE:* You need to have an eligible Azure Subscription and Resource in the US (see link here for eligibility criteria) to be able to purchase numbers. 

Reviewer: We'll need to add the link here for link to eligibility criteria...   https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/telephony-sms/plan-solution#azure-subscriptions-eligibility

> *PLEASE NOTE:* You need to have an eligible Azure Subscription and Resource in the US (see link here for eligibility criteria) to be able to purchase numbers. 

Author: ```suggestion
*PLEASE NOTE:* You need to have an [eligible Azure Subscription and Resource in the US](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/telephony-sms/plan-solution#azure-subscriptions-eligibility) to be able to purchase numbers. 
```

> *PLEASE NOTE:* You need to have an [eligible Azure Subscription and Resource in the US](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/telephony-sms/plan-solution#azure-subscriptions-eligibility) to be able to purchase numbers. 

Author: ```suggestion
*PLEASE NOTE:* You need to have an [eligible Azure Subscription and Resource in the US](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/telephony-sms/plan-solution#azure-subscriptions-eligibility) to be able to purchase numbers. 
```

You will need to work through the following steps: 

> - Download this form: [Manual / Bulk Number Acquisition Form]()

Reviewer 2: Any way we can provide a web-based form link to make it easier for folks?

Author: Question for Sabya, my understanding is that due to privacy concerns we need to do it this way to comply with support desk.

Author: @dassabya15

Reviewer: That's correct - we'll need to follow the official guidelines here @ddematheu2 , @mikben

Reviewer: Also, could we add the link to the pdf / word file you helped create?

Author: Will add once I push the file live. I need to do a quick rename on it before adding here.
